Privacy Policy
==============

_Last updated_: April 18, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
------------------------------

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

*   **Account** A unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
*   **Affiliate** An entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
*   **Company** Refers to Global Open-Source Innovation Meetup, Singapore.
*   **Cookies** Small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
*   **Country** Refers to: Singapore
*   **Device** Any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
*   **Personal Data** Any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
*   **Service** Refers to the Website.
*   **Service Provider** Any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service.
*   **Third-party Social Media Service** Any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
*   **Usage Data** Data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.
*   **Website** paris2025.gosim.org, accessible from [https://paris2025.gosim.org](https://paris2025.gosim.org)
*   **You** The individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
---------------------------------------

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

*   Email address
*   First name and last name
*   Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service.

You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.

Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.

*   **Necessary / Essential Cookies**

Type: Session Cookies

Administered by: Us

Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

*   **Functionality Cookies**

Type: Persistent Cookies

Administered by: Us

Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

Use of Your Personal Data
-------------------------

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

*   **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
*   **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service.
*   **For the performance of a contract:** the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
*   **To contact You:** By email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication.
*   **To provide You** with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events.
*   **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
*   **For business transfers:** We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition.
*   **For other purposes**: Such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.

> ⚠️ **Please note that for this event, your personal information will be shared with the event’s sponsors and partners such as the PyTorch Foundation (an affiliate of Linux Foundation <https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/privacy-policy>). Visit gosim.org for our privacy policy as well as links to our partners’ privacy policies.**

Retention of Your Personal Data
-------------------------------

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Transfer of Your Personal Data
------------------------------

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

Delete Your Personal Data
-------------------------

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You. Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data
--------------------------------

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.

Security of Your Personal Data
------------------------------

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children’s Privacy
------------------

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

Links to Other Websites
-----------------------

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
------------------------------

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

*   By email: [privacy@gosim.org](mailto:privacy@gosim.org)